with letters where as to remember information DNS will help us to find any web
domain that we enter in our browser.

HOW DOES DNS WORK ?
There are 4 mayor players in this process:
      *DNS Recursor:
      	   It will handle all the request received by any user that types in
	   a domain on any given browser. It will use your ISP(internet service
	   provider). This agent has a memory to save information about domains
	   that have been searched before, if that is the case it's roll will
	   end rigth away otherwise it will begin to set up the rquest of the
	   domain.

      *Root Nameserver:
      	   It will translate letters into numbers of the IP address

      *TLD Nameserver:
      	   It will specify the location in which the IP address is located

      *Authoritative Nameserver:
           It will translate the find the IP address on the specific location
	   and return it to the browser. It will only respond to DNS queries.

Once your domain has been translated to an actual IP address and the response
has come back to your pc so it can open the desired website, you will be
able to interact with the website, this meaning in most of the cases giving
and receiving information

All of this happens between your computer and the servers , so this information
is being sent and received continuously which means that security should be
established because this flow of information could have card numbers and
passwords on it just to bring up a common example.

A firewall is a system that will provide the desired security  by filtering
incoming and outgoing network traffic. This step of security is essential to
at least reduce or eliminate unwanted communications or interference.

This security is protecting a specific traffic that is called TCP (Transport
Control Protocol). It moves information around on packets , think of them
as containers , these containers have information from the sender and the
receiver and also information about the security that is set up on the traffic
so that each time that the container is received by the receiver it can confirm
back to the sender that it was successfully received.